Update EKF2 overview (#3533)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/advanced_config/tuning_the_ecl_ekf.md

> # Using PX4's Navigation Filter (EKF2)
> 
> This tutorial answers common questions about use of the EKF algorithm used for navigation.

Reviewer: @bresch This is good. Did some minor fixes for style, such as running prettier. Also fixed up all the cross links where sensible to refer to the new name.

It is excellent to provide a descriptive name for this topic such as "Using PX4's Navigation Filter (EKF2)" because it helps you understand what this is for even if you don't know what EKF is, or if you know you want the navigation filter, but you don't know what filter PX4 uses. 

But what is a navigation filter? I mean, this is not a term we've had before, so is this a term that drone developers will usually expect? Is that what they would search for? I am used to seeing "state estimator".

It might be worth adding a few words. I am not sure what they should be ... but to give you and idea of what I mean...

```suggestion
# Using PX4's Navigation Filter (EKF2)

A navigation filter is an Xxxxx.
PX4's navigation filter is the EKF2 algorithm, as implemented in the ECL module.
This tutorial answers common questions about use of the EKF and the module.
```

Note, suggestion for your thought. If you think this is a great name and the text is sufficient we can merge this.

Reviewer: When you put it that way, its is obvious - its the filter that works out your location and attitude, which is what navigation is.

The time constant for this filter is controlled by the [EKF2_TAU_VEL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_TAU_VEL) and [EKF2_TAU_POS](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_TAU_POS) parameters.

::: info
The 'fusion time horizon' delay and length of the buffers is determined by [EKF2_DELAY_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_DELAY_MAX).
This value should be at least as large as the longest delay `EKF2\_\*\_DELAY`.
Reducing the 'fusion time horizon' delay reduces errors in the complementary filter used to propagate states forward to current time.
:::

The EKF uses the IMU data for state prediction only. IMU data is not used as an observation in the EKF derivation.
The algebraic equations for the covariance prediction and measurement jacobians are derived using [SymForce](https://symforce.org/) and can be found here: [Symbolic Derivation](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/src/modules/ekf2/EKF/python/ekf_derivation/derivation.py).

> Covariance update is done using the Joseph Stabilized form to improve numerical stability and allow conditional update of independent states.

Reviewer: Would a link be helpful or will all readers know what this is or be able to search? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalman_filter#Deriving_the_posteriori_estimate_covariance_matrix

Author: Yes, good idea, we could link that wikipedia section

The time constant for this filter is controlled by the [EKF2_TAU_VEL](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_TAU_VEL) and [EKF2_TAU_POS](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_TAU_POS) parameters.

::: info
The 'fusion time horizon' delay and length of the buffers is determined by [EKF2_DELAY_MAX](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#EKF2_DELAY_MAX).
This value should be at least as large as the longest delay `EKF2\_\*\_DELAY`.
Reducing the 'fusion time horizon' delay reduces errors in the complementary filter used to propagate states forward to current time.
:::

The EKF uses the IMU data for state prediction only.
IMU data is not used as an observation in the EKF derivation.
The algebraic equations for the covariance prediction and measurement jacobians are derived using [SymForce](https://symforce.org/) and can be found here: [Symbolic Derivation](https://github.com/PX4/PX4-Autopilot/blob/main/src/modules/ekf2/EKF/python/ekf_derivation/derivation.py).

> Covariance update is done using the Joseph Stabilized form to improve numerical stability and allow conditional update of independent states.

Author: ```suggestion
Covariance update is done using the [Joseph Stabilized form](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kalman_filter#Deriving_the_posteriori_estimate_covariance_matrix) to improve numerical stability and allow conditional update of independent states.
```
